[Music]
Okay family, what a bombshell. And how they
wanted to cut this off and cover this up
live but they couldn't. It turns out
that Gloria's cousin Chema was having
a fight with Nagore.
Nagore is doing her job and wanting to
keep her position and have them continue to
put a little program like that on the
platform. She's imitating YouTube, which
nobody watches on Telecinco, not on these
programs that put on winners.
I don't know why they create those programs,
nobody watches those programs.
I refuse to think that those
programs are profitable and that they
can at least cover the costs of
the program. But anyway, Nagore
wanting to keep her chair and her place. Well,
of course, giving it a hard time and
positioning herself against whoever is
in fashion, not on the Telecinco side,
wanting to manipulate because I really
believe that all of Telecinco knows and understands
that there's a looks operation in which
more than 40 people are involved and in
which the TV factory had a
crush on a policeman who, with his
wife, took his wife to the
sets.  of Telecinco as if it were
Disneyland okay they called him
Villarejo because he went around with his wife
greeting the
directors and let's say
a character okay they had a policeman who they
consulted directly and
asked him to give them photographs of the
intimate police records of
people Okay and we had Salvame,
extracting people's personal data,
intimacies,
arrests, fines, a lot of things
that they didn't have Why know okay,
the people who work at Telecinco know everything
and I see it as logical that
the subject cannot be discussed on television but
what is not normal is that they show a
conversation that Kiko Hernández Kiko
Hernández no sorry that Kiko Jiménez
publishes a conversation
completely illegally because you can't no matter how
much he participates you cannot
show a conversation in which you
are talking about intimacies no And on
top of that you sell that conversation as if
Gloria and you are talking because
Gloria wants to talk to you I don't know what
when it is Kiko Jiménez The one who contacts
Gloria to see how she is going to
act with the subject of the
deluxe operation okay operation Moon  Call it what you
want, but of course, here they want to cover it up.
But hey, one thing is that they want to cover up the
issue of Operation Luna, and another thing is
that you don't tell people the reason
for the real call. Okay, if we're
interested because they don't want to talk about
Operation Luna, then don't talk about the
call and don't let that
call be published. The worst thing is that with all
the shamelessness in the world, those who
published that call on their program are
those from the TV factory. Okay, those who
are heavily indicted. Okay, they are the real deal, they're the
real deal, family, I send you a
huge hug, I'll be reading you and until the
nextvideo.
[Music]